docs: update contributing guidelines and README for correct repo (#932)
layer5io/sistent: CONTRIBUTING-gitflow.md

## Add 'upstream' repo to list of remotes

```
git remote add upstream https://github.com/layer5io/sistent.git
```

> Note: Replace "sistent" with the actual repository name if contributing to a different project under Layer5, such as "meshery-linkerd"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Replace "sistent" with the actual repository name if contributing to a different project under Layer5, such as "docs"
```
